We're really happy to have our Media Tech Investor Relations Manager, Jessie Wang here. She would like to have some overview on the result of Media Tech and also some guidance in the future. Thank you. OK. Thank you, Jason. So as this slide shows, in Q4 last year, we achieved 5.7% sequential growth in the revenue. In that quarter, we ran successfully ran the smart phone associate MSU 9500. That was the major reason for the revenue ramp. And we conclude 2025 with the record revenue for the four years. So in general, I think that is a remarkable progress in our smartphone business. And for the first quarter, the current quarter, we are guiding quarterly revenue to be flat to down 6% sequentially. And the course margin, we are getting a relatively flatish at the point, 46% plus or minus 1.5 percentage point with a 35% plus or minus 2 percentage point for operating expenses ratio. So far, I think we're approaching March. So I think we were already in March. So far, the first quarter, pretty much on track. There's no change in the first quarter guidance. And then let's look at our three revenue groups. For our business, we categorize our revenues into three groups. The first one is mobile phone. It was pretty high, 9% of total revenue last quarter. Smart H-Path one, 37% last quarter, and power IC5% of the quarterly revenue. Then moving on to 2026, as everybody knows, I think for mobile phone business, there's no heavens around the higher memory cost. So we foresee that we have some impact on the business. Customers responding with no better. They try to do better, make shift to higher end, where they believe they are able to pass on the increasing cost to customers better. So being able to believe we think we'll pressure the overall unit a little bit. But in general, I would say, no worries, don't have very strong leadership in the proper follow. And we'll continue to launch the good leading solution across tiers, especially in flagship segments. So structurally, I think we've learned and we think that there's still a good opportunity for us. I think still a very stable and strong business portfolio for our business, especially shared, I think we wouldn't need to collaborate with our customers to navigate this current situation. The second part is smart Azure platform. A lot of people are excited about these new opportunities. We are developing several new opportunities under the smart Azure platform business. But even we exclude the potential upside, I mean the new revenue from ASIC. Even we exclude that our core business in smart Azure platform will continue to grow in 2026. So we mainly coming from our global market share again in global tail operators, tier one customer to turn this players, automotive customers, as well as some compute business. So we now have very diversified and resilient platform in our smart Azure platform. In addition to that, I think ASIC would be an exciting area. To develop, we are now in the stage that is prepared for the product mass production for our customer. We target to reach more than $1 billion of US dollar revenue in 2026 as we got it in the early school. So the target sound changed. And we also forecast that for 2027, that project will give us multiple billion of the revenue. I think we're still working on that. I think that's still also unchanged. And we are engaging with the customer where the following projects, if things go well, it should be revenue should start in starting in 2028. So we're the team now focus on execution and hopefully can grab more opportunities in ASIC business. The third one is PowerIC. They share it because our PowerIC solution is pretty diversified. So customer-made trans parts of smartphone PC, as we discussed, will also face the same situation. But we have no new solutions for new areas, data center, and automotive. I think those still have some strength that we continue to get market share there. So well, and this is a very quick update on our business. I'll see if you guys have other questions. OK, thank you very much, Asi. This is very clear. I think just starting from the smartphone or core business, could you share a little bit about if there's any opportunities that probably you can gain some shares? Probably in flagship part, right? I think that's kind of the growth areas in your core business, could you give us more color on that? Yeah, certainly. We've been getting market sharing in this space in the past few years, mainly in China, the Muslim market. We noticed that several Chinese customers now want to seek more growth elsewhere. So they're bringing our solutions, dimension 90,000 SOCs, to regions outside of China, including Western Asia, India, and even Europe. So we are seeing a bigger market now. We do believe that with some expansion, we are able to gain some share in the global space in that flagship segment. But again, like we just commented in the opening remark, I think those, I mean, the memory issue, I think we may want to give the key topic for them. According to, I think they will adjust their retail price to respond. And we also believe that smartphone is still a very important device in everybody's life. So there should be some funding and no demand out there, but just inevitably we'll have some non-impactly share. Gotcha. All right. Also, moving on to another pretty exciting topic is the ASIC part, right? Could you also give us, I think a lot of markets are actually worrying about the capacity secure part, right? Could you talk a little bit about how you secure those kind of capacity and what's your future outlook on this part? Sure. Right. Supply is tight. Yeah. Well, from the end and back end. So that's one of our value added. You know, help customers work with the customer closely and the vendor closely to get capacity. For 2026, as I mentioned, we target to reach this more than $1 billion revenue. I think for this number, 2026, we've already secured enough capacity to reach that number. For 2027, we believe that the capacity we now have also can support very strong growth already in 2027. However, we want more because our customers are seeing very good demand. So we'll continue to work with the customer and the supply chain to get more, a little bit more. Got it. That's very clear. But looking forward, besides the exciting topics in ASIC, do you see any other potentials for other business that you have just mentioned? Or if we have any opportunities to gain some share or get some more orders from other areas in the business, besides beyond the ASIC or beyond the smartphone? Yeah, certainly. We're investing in several areas. So apart from the exciting ASIC opportunity, we are also heavily investing automotive, for example. And our copy solution has been getting pretty good traction, especially with some China OEMs. So we've secured pretty good and healthy design wind pipeline last year. And a lot of them will gradually enter mass production stage this year. That is also one of the reasons why we're able to grow the business this year. And we also announced ASIC chip with the things that we made on press release last year. That's also adding momentum to our automotive business growth. So that is one. And we also talk about in computer, this is also relatively, I would say, a new business to us. Last year, we worked with the NVIDIA for this GP10 chip. It's used in NVIDIA's AI for computer digital spark. And they share, they will continue to ship. I think it's a four year production, should be. So I think we'll have some new revenue to our business. And on the computer side, we do believe in the AI era, there will be more opportunity for us to explore. So we will keep you guys posted if we have any other new plans. Gorgeous, gorgeous. We are really excited about this. OK, so I think that's kind of covered most of our topics that we want to ask. Is there anything else that you want to highlight in the meetings to the investors or the markets? I think I want to reiterate that I think media has a very strong technology in this era, not only in the edge, where we have leadership here, we are able to build devices every year. We own all the key technologies, low power processor, multimedia, connectivity, etc. So I think on the edge, AI, we have a very strong position. And we talk a lot about the data center opportunity. We also have the key technology, the ability to help customers to build a no efficient solution. So and then we have the very critical technology connectivity to connect between edge and the cloud. So we do believe that in the AI era, there will be plenty of opportunity for us to explore. Wonderful, wonderful. We are really excited for your updates in the future. All right. Thank you, Jesse. Thank you so much. Thank you.